Tell us about the 2 Audio Effect nodes you added to the audio routing graph
I added two audio effect nodes, WaveShaper for distortion and Convolver for 
a reverb effect. The reverb node required the use of a impulse response to 
work and I used a free one from the internet. 

Tell us your Sprite's class name, what it looks like/what it does in the visualization
My sprite class is umnimaginitively called Sprite and at the moment it always looks 
like a colored circle. In the visualization there are 4 layers of these Sprites each with 
a different default distance from the center for rotating and a common color. Each layer 
of Sprites takes a single value from a quarter of the audioData and uses that to scale 
both their size and distance from the center. A higher audioData value means means 
farther from the center and bigger in scale. They disappear because the scale goes to 
zero when the audioData is zero. 

Tell us what app data you put in your av-data.json file
The JSON file contains the title, the files options that can be played, the impulse 
response file for the reverb, and some default specs for the audio visualizer. That 
last is comprised of specifying the audioData type used, the reverb toggle, and the 
layer starting colors. 

Tell us how you improved the aesthetics of the app over the AV HW:
    be sure to give yourself a grade for this section, between 0% and 15%
    0% would be if there was not a meaningful improvement over the AV HW
    15% would be substantial improvement over the AV HW - a "wow" experience
    and everything in between
The bouncing/scaling Sprites provide a unique visualization of the sounds and naturally
create interesting patterns. The globalCompositeOperation for the Sprites is set to 
"lighter" in order to create an effect where colors can combine to give more vibrance. 
I would give myself a 10% probably, since while I do believe this is a significant and 
fun improvement, it is not very polished and it ignores a lot of audioData to create the 
patterns. There is also room for a lot of improvements, including adding other shapes into the 
layers, changing colors by data as well, or making more layers, and doing more with the 
pulsing circles in the center. There are many tweaks and big changes that would improve the 
aesthetics, but it is a good step up from the PE in my opinion.
